Improve PR template including VEP references (#14743)
kubevirt/kubevirt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--  Thanks for sending a pull request!  Here are some tips for you:
1. Consider creating this PR as a draft: https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#consider-opening-your-pull-request-as-draft
2. Follow the instructions for writing a release note from k8s: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/release-notes.md
-->

### What this PR does
#### Before this PR:

#### After this PR:

### References
<!-- optional,
  Use `Fixes #<issue number>(, Fixes #<issue_number>, ...)` format, to close the issue(s) when PR gets merged.
  Use `Partially addresses #<issue number>` to link an issue without closing it when the PR merges.
  
- Fixes #
- Partially addresses #
-->
<!-- optional,
  Link the VEP tracking issue (https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/issue/<vep_tracking_issue_number>) and the 

>   VEP PR (https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/pull/<vep_pr_number>) if this PR is implementing one.
>   For additional info about VEP PR and VEP tracking issue, see https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements#process

Reviewer: I find the term `VEP PR` confusing, since the VEP design is just a merged file which could be updated with many PRs.

WDYT about
```suggestion
  VEP design (e.g. https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/blob/main/veps/sig-compute/10-dra-devices/vep.md, or a VEP PR if the design is not merged yet) if this PR is implementing one.
  For additional info about VEP PR and VEP tracking issue, see https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements#process
```

  
- VEP tracking issue: https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/issue/<vep_tracking_issue_number>

> - VEP: https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/pull/<vep_pr_number>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- VEP: https://github.com/kubevirt/enhancements/blob/main/<path-to-VEP>
```
